welcome to the man of recaps it's the
walking dead season six
it starts with Rick in front of this
whole quarry full of zombies that have
been like trapped in here how did this
situation happen well let's recap
Rick's got this hot new girlfriend next
door but she's got a husband so they
have a fight and then he accidently
kills this guy so Rick has to kill him
Rick's friend Morgan shows up he met him
in season 1 but then in season 3 he was
crazy but now he's not that crazy he
does have some bo staff skills anyway
they're out in the woods burying a body
and they find the big quarry full of
zombies it's like oh this is bad so
Rick's like hey we need to get those
Ami's out of there before they
eventually escape and over on the town
and the town leader Deanna is like yeah
Rick I trust you now we're going to go
with your plan so they sort of let them
out slowly and they're going to drive
them away with these cars and they like
create these barriers so that they get
herded in the right direction it's going
really well for a while until there's
like these horns coming back from the
city so all the zombies are going back
there now what's going on at the town no
it's under attack by the Wolfpack
they're the w4 had people and they've
got this truck they crash it into the
wall and that's where the horn comes
from these guys manage to shut it off
eventually Carol has to do the double
you should blend in she goes the armory
and get some guns so she chases him aha
Karl's got his new girlfriend but she's
like this town's done for I'm better on
my own so she leaves in the note just
survive somehow and as we learned from
her flashback that's her motto and
Morgan finds the wolf fat guy hiding who
accost him in the woods and he manages
to subdue him though the group is
running back to town Rick's like you
guys keep going I'm gonna take the RV
try to lead some new zombies away so the
gang runs into some troubles where some
more extras get eaten and then Glenn
ends up on top of dumpster with this guy
who's like I'm out I shoot myself off
and his body up pulls gun down with him
and he's being ripped apart II my
zombies no Glenn there's no way he could
possibly survive this Rick makes it to
the RV but he runs in some Wolfpack
trouble shoots up the RV and now it
doesn't run anymore and there's a bunch
more zombies coming so he has to run
back to town just ahead of the herd and
unfortunately now Alexandra is
completely surrounded Daryl and these
others are still leading the majority of
the zombie herd away they finally get
far enough and decide to turn back to
town but then they're getting shot at oh
so they get split up Abraham and Sasha
end up together they sort of start
flirting by the way it's good for them
and they also find a rocket launcher
Daryl ends up alone in the woods where
this guy takes a prisoner because he
thinks it's part of this group that's
chasing him but when Daryl finds his
opportunity he makes it an escape but
then it's like oh it's some insulin in
here you can have your insulin back I'm
a nice guy and when the actual people
chasing him come Daryl helps them escape
but then the hot girl gets eaten and
then it's like okay you guys come back
to my village but when it finds out his
village might be overrun with zombies
they're like no offense man we're just
gonna take your bike and we're taking
your crossbow - no that's his whole
shtick
luckily Daryl finds a convenient fuel
truck nearby and he picks up his friends
there on the way home but they're
accosted by this motorcycle gang who's
like
yeah our boss is named negan whose negan
well we're not gonna find out now
because Daryl puts the rocket launcher
to good use
hey it's Glen yes he's alive the blood
and guts with the other guys on top of
him and he managed to hide under the
dumpster for a while until all the
zombies left he meets up with Carl's
girlfriend who runs away because she
thinks she's better on her own but then
he catches up with her he's like he'll
that's dumb come back to the village
with me of course it's overrun by
zombies that's unfortunate inside the
town Morgan's got his Wolf Pack guy
prisoner and he tells him his backstory
of how it was crazy for a while killing
zombies and humans alike until he finds
the ball Big Lebowski who knocks him out
and keeps him locked up for a while till
he cools down teaches him about not
killing and also bo staff skills but one
day he gets bitten and so Morgan walked
off on his own so Morgan is like I don't
kill people anymore and if I can be
redeemed you can too well fat guys like
yeah maybe but I'm dying of this
infected cut so it doesn't really matter
there's a new doctor in the town this
girl Denise she's just a psychiatrist
but it's like the closest thing they got
she's way over her head though with
surgery so she befriends Tara who's like
hey you can do it she was hit by the
grenade by the way last season she's
fine though these two are lesbians so
they actually start hooking up anyway
Morgan's like hey doc I got a secret
prisoner can you come take care of him
but then Carol sees her going there and
so she chases her down is like hey what
are you hiding down here but just then
the clock tower falls down on the wall
whoops what so the zombies over running
the town everyone hides wherever they
can
Denise is stuck with the Wolfpack guy
and she figure she may as well treat him
but then Morgan and Carol get in a fight
about whether they should just kill her
not which of course allows him to escape
and take Denise hostage over in Rick's
girlfriends house they're having a hard
time keeping all the zombies out they
managed to block the stairs for now grab
a couple zombies and do the season one
trick of robbing zombie guck all over
themselves to blend in uh Phyllida
Deanna though by she got bit so she
makes a final stand the rest of the gang
makes it out though they're blending in
pretty well they're on their way to
escape but then Rick's girlfriend's son
stars like tried too much attention and
all that's eaten by zombies oh and then
she starts her into a detention and all
she gets eaten by zombies - and Rick's
like oh we never even got the bang but
then his sons like I'm gonna shoot you
cuz it's your fault but Micheaux stabbed
so many shoots up but then it hits Carl
in the eye on what they're running away
now trying to get to the doctor the
doctor still with this guy and as
they're escaping he's like oh man hey
I'm gonna save you from the zombies so
maybe he's redeemed himself but he gets
bit he's like oh come on by oh but he's
shot by Carol who like doesn't care that
is redeemed they make it to the
infirmary and start trying to fix Carl's
eye and it works like I'm gonna go out
and just kill all the zombies myself
Michelle's like hey I'm coming too and
so the rest of the gang is out there
just trying to fight zombies and the
other people in town like oh I guess
we're just making a stand right here
taking him out one by one
Glenn comes in he finds Maggie all
trapped so he draws the zombies away
makes a final stand and luckily the game
comes back with some automatic weapons
shoots them up and it's like man good
thing we found this fuel truck we can
just dump a bunch of analyte and blow it
up on fire so zombies are super dumb
they all walk in
by our kill themselves and luckily the
day is saved I mean a lot of people died
but none of the main characters even
Karl survives he gets a cool eyepatch
now now hey who wants a little romance
argh
we've got Sasha here still flirting with
Abraham this is awkward though because
he's been dating Rosita ever since we
met him back in season 4 I've never
mentioned Rosita before because she's
been entirely irrelevant mostly she just
stands in the background of Abraham
while he talks and occasionally looks
really sexy she's just a generally
valued member of the group though
anyway he decides to break up with her
which makes her super sad the rest of
the group they'll like is good these
days working Daryl on a supply run they
find this truck full of food and stuff
which is awesome then they stop for this
vending machine because uh doctors like
hey I want to get an orange soda for my
girlfriend who likes orange soda but
then there found this guy oh he's like
what's up I'm not here to hurt you I'm
just a guy my name is Jesus what's up so
they're like how that guy was weird but
then some gunshots out back it's just
some firecrackers yes it's a distraction
Jesus stole that keys he's taking their
truck they run after him like Legolas
and Aragorn hunting auric hi luckily he
gets a flat tire so they jump him but
he's got like epic karate skills they
have guns though so they subdue him and
time to the side of the road but then he
had taught himself he saw him on roof
what who is this guy so then like
playing chasey down in the field and
they're fighting in the truck but it
puts it in neutral and rolled back into
the lake no the truck full of food Jesus
is knocked out so they decide they're
gonna take him back home for now Rick
and Michonne by the way living as
platonic roommates and as tends to
happen in one night is not so platonic
and Michelle's like wait a second are we
about to bang yes they do that's pretty
funny and Jesus gets free and he's like
hey what's up nice bang he explains he's
from another survivor community a lot
like theirs and his job is to go
facilitate trade negotiations he's like
you guys got a lot of guns we a lot of
food I think we could do business so the
group goes to check out his place first
they find a car accident of his guys so
they have to take out some zombies and
save some of his friends one of them is
a baby doctor by the way which is
convenient for Maggie because she and
Glenn are pregnant hooray and then they
make it to the hilltop colony it's a
pretty good spot they do have a lot of
food and stuff they are low on guns
they've just got an old-fashioned forge
where they're like making Spears to
defend themselves they go and meet the
boss man Rick's like hey Maggie I
nominate you to be Secretary of State
you go talk to him so she's like hey
food guns let's make a trade he's like
now I'm a dick I'm gonna drive like a
really hard bargain for some reason just
then some of the guys come back in boss
man's like hey what happened over at
Megan's and it's like negan took one of
our guys hostages and he wants me to
kill you all so Rick has to step in and
a like kills this guy and he's like okay
who is this negan guy so Jesus explains
how Megan's gang has got this protection
racket going they demand like half of
all their food and supplies and stuff in
exchange for not killing them all and
Rick's like well how many guys doesn't
even happen it's like I don't know like
twenty or thirty maybe works like we can
kill twenty or thirty guys for breakfast
so Rick's got a plan to amble
goons gang they're gonna find a zombie
head that looks sort of like the leader
of hilltop colony send a guy in to
deliver it so when the guards open the
door they could bust and kill the guards
sneaking quietly while they're all
sleeping and like murder them all on
their sleep which is morally
questionable but they do of course one
guy does sound the alarm so they have to
have a fire fight luckily our group
comes out on top and the negan's
compound is secured this guy is a
character on the show by the way he and
Tara are going on some sort of supply
run
so we'll see what they're up to next
season and one of the gang members tries
to escape on Darryl's bike that was
stolen from him earlier then they're
contacted on the walkie by some more of
Megan's gang who have Maggie and Carol
prisoner oh no so Maggie and Carol are
hostages this chicks trying to organize
an exchange with Rick but she's really
setting it up for an ambush
Carol ends up with this rosary somehow
and she like pretends to be meek and
stuff but then she uses it to cut away
free and kill the captives and then when
the reinforcements come she likes him on
fire and watches them burn alive too
which makes her uncomfortable with
killing now anyway their friends come
and rescue them and Rick's like all
right so he killed the entire gang which
one of them was negan and this guy's
like haha I'm negan loser and Rick's
like oh good that makes it easy that
boom shoots you in the head so the
hilltop colony gives them lots of food
in exchange for taking out negan and
life is really good for a while these
guys are going out on a run to get some
medicine and stuff Denise finds an
orange soda she's like oh man Tara's
gonna love this I'm shiny i watch esse
rounded led by this guy who stole
Daryl's bike earlier in his crossbow and
apparently he's joined negan's gang and
also like been in a fire and he has
Eugene too because he was nearby at like
a foundry because he's got this awesome
plan to manufacture bullets well that
would be great but anyway he's like yeah
you guys are gonna pay take us back to
your thing but then Eugene's like oh did
bite Oh what that's crazy
and Abraham's there and they like take
them all out chasing away girls like I'm
gonna go chase after him and they're
like well we got a chase down Daryl so
this gangs out in the woods but they are
ambushed by this guy and they are taken
prisoner
Carol's decided she doesn't want to kill
people anymore so she's going off on her
own but summon negan skating finds her
and like blows out her tires and she has
to pretend to be meek again before she
shoots them all up and like feels even
worse about it there is one survivor
though he chases after Rick and Morgan
are going after Carol too but Morgan's
like hey I'm gonna go teach her about
the way he's not killing you can go home
so when uh bad guy catches up to her
Morgan's like I don't kill people but
then he's like now do it so Morgan's
like oh I'm gonna kill you and Carol's
hurt by the way and then these Game of
Thrones looking guys come up they're
hung like a horse and they got armor and
spears and they're like hey we're
friendly guys we'll come and help you
back in town Maggie gets a haircut but
oh the baby there is something really
horribly wrong they're gonna drive her
over to hilltop colony to see the baby
dr. Karl's girlfriend wants to come but
he's like no I'm gonna lock you in the
Palazzo to protect you so they're on
their way over but the road is blocked
by some more of negan's game or just
like sup and Rick's like we're going to
back up slowly and go a different route
but this other road
- and it's like honeykins gang is a
little bit bigger than we thought in
fact another roads blocked it's a lot
bigger than they thought and Rick's like
we made a huge mistake so it's like
Eugene you take the RV we're gonna try
to sneak through the woods on foot but
then they're caught immediately cuz even
more of negan's gang is here and they're
all like whistling cuz this is the thing
they do and so our crew is like down on
their knees and it's time to meet the
man himself
negan now he's the friendly smiley type
of psychopath and he explains he's not
going to kill him all right now he wants
them to live so they continue making
food and stuff so they can give it to
him it's part of the protection racket
one of them does have to die for
insolence though and he literally plays
eenie meenie miney moe to pick which one
and we don't see who he picks because
it's first-person point of view I mean
beats his head in with a baseball bat
and whoever it is this person is a
hundred percent dead but we're not going
to find out till next season
[Music]